1. All your eggs in one basket.
	Don't put all your eggs in one basket. Eggs are fragile(Easily broken, damaged or destroyed).
2. All ears.
	We hear with our ears. I am all ears. It means you are listening.
3. All in your head.
	You are imagining it. Its not really real.
4. All in a day's work.
	Its no big deal.
5. All hell broke loose.
	Not a good thing. Chaos(A state of extreme confusion and disorder)
6. All over the map(a piece of paper thats shows an area of land).
	That lecture was all over the map. you could understand it. There was no path. It was everywhere.
7. All eyes on me/him/her(Replaceable)(Anticipation(An expectation, Something expected (as on the basis of a norm)))
	Everybody is waiting to see what you are gonna do next. "each of them had their own anticipations"
	
So and Neither -  Used to indicate similarities or differences between people or things.
	We use so when it is affirmative and we use neither when it is negative
	Mary has a car. So does John
	Mary doesn't have a car. Neither does John
	Mary swims everyday. So does John.
	Mary and John swim everyday. So do Nancy and Bob.
	
	
SAP
SAP stands for System Analysis and Program Development. This German software company makes enterprise software to manage business operations and customer relations.

DHL
DHL provides international express, air and ocean freight, road and rail transportation, contract logistics and international mail services to its customers. The company’s name DHL is derived from the last names of the then three budding entrepreneurs, Adrian Dalsey, Larry Hillblom and Robert Lynn who founded the company.

IBM
IBM’s full company name is International Business Machines Corporation. It is a multinational technology and consulting corporation. The company was founded in 1911 and headquartered in the United State

TLC
The specialty cable channel TLC is the initials for The Learning Channel. The company also operates the Discovery Channel, Animal Planet and The Science Channel, as well as other learning-themed networks.

HMV
The British global entertainment retail chain, HMV’s full company name is His Master's Voice. Apart from being listed on the London Stock Exchange, the company also operates in Hong Kong and Singapore.

TCS
TCS stands for Tata Consultancy Services Limited. It is considered to be one of India’s valuable company and a multinational information technology, services, business solutions and outsourcing services company.

Amul
The company is based out of a small town in Gujarat called Anand. It is a daily cooperative which is now and again referred to as Anand Milk Union Limited. The Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation is India’s largest exporter of dairy products and also the largest food product marketing organization with an annual turnover of $2.5 billion for 2011-2012.

IKEA
IKEA is a Sweden-based company that designs and sells ready-to-assemble furniture. IKEA is an acronym made out of four letters - Ingvar Kamprad Elmtaryd Agunnaryd. I is for Ingvar, the first name of the founder of IKEA stores. K is for Kamprad, the last name of the founder of IKEA stores. E is for Elmtaryd, the name of the farm where Ingvar Kamprad grew up. A is for Agunnaryd, the name of the village near Kamprad's boyhood home.

HTC
The Taiwanese manufacturer of of smartphones and tablets now known as HTC was founded with the name High Tech Computer Corporation. Initially a manufacturer of notebook computers, HTC began designing some of the world's first touch and wireless hand-held devices in 1998.

JBL
With someone like AR Rahman endorsing the brand in India, it could only be a matter of time that JBL products would find their way into the homes of music-loving Indians. The audio electronics company is owned by Harman International and JBL are the initials of the name of the company’s founder James Bullough Lansing.

3M
A multinational conglomerate corporation in the United States, 3M was formerly known as Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company. Adhesives, abrasives, laminates, passive fire protection, dental products, electronic materials, medical products, car care products, electronic circuits and optical films are some of the products of the company

H&M
It is known as one of the world’s popular brands for fast-fashion clothing for men, women, teenagers and children. The name of the Swedish company is Hennes & Mauritz AB but it is popularly known and operates as H&M.

AT&T
An American multinational telecommunications corporation and the largest provider of both mobile telephony and of fixed telephony in the United States, American Telephone and Telegraph Company is often referred to as AT&T. The company also provides broadband subscription television services

ING Group
ING Group is a financial institution which offers banking, asset management, and insurance services. ING is an abbreviation for International Netherlands Group

BMW
BMW is an abbreviation for Bayerische Motoren Werke. It is a German automobile, motorcycle and engine manufacturing company founded in 1917 which produces automobiles and motorcycles across all its brands. It also owns and produces the Mini marque, and Rolls-Royce Motor Cars

KFC
Kentucky Fried Chicken is one of the world’s largest chain of fried chicken fast food restaurant. It is popularly known by its abbreviation KFC, across the globe. It has over 17,000 outlets in 105 countries

BPL
The company commonly referred to as BPL stands for British Physical Laboratories. This Indian electronics company deals with consumer appliances, home entertainment products and health care devices. It was established in 1963, by MT P G Nambiar

BASF
BASF is recognized as one of the largest diversified chemical companies in the world. The company offers products to various industries and has customers in over 200 countries. The initials BASF stands for Baden Aniline and Soda Factory

BEML
The full and original name of BEML is Bharat Earth Movers Limited. Headquartered in Bangalore, the company is an Indian Public Sector Undertaking and manufactures a variety of heavy equipment, such as that used for earth moving, transport and mining.

BHEL
BHEL is based in New Delhi and is engaged in the design, engineering, manufacture, construction, testing, commissioning and servicing of a wide range of products and services for the core sectors of the economy. BHEL is an abbreviation for Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited.

ICICI
The financial services company, ICICI Bank is headquartered in Mumbai offers retail and corporate customers a wide range of banking products and financial services. Earlier, the bank was known as Industrial Credit and Investment Corporation of India Bank, it later changed its name to the abbreviated ICICI Bank

HDFC
India’s largest mortgage company, HDFC was founded in 1977. The financial services company has over 300 outlets and caters to non-resident Indians as well. The full name of HDFC is Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited

ESPN
Sports related global television network, ESPN’s name is derived from Entertainment and Sports Programming Network. Some of its programs include live and recorded event telecasts, sports talk shows and other original programs

HCL
Headquartered in India, HCL is a global technology and IT Enterprise that operates in over 30 countries of the world. The company mainly focuses on the IT hardware market. HCL is the abbreviation for Hindustan Computer Limited

HSBC
The full name of the company HSBC is Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation. HSBC is a multinational banking and financial services company which operates within business groups such as commercial banking; global banking and markets, retail banking, wealth management and global private banking

L&T
L&T is India’s multinational conglomerate corporation which is headquartered in Mumbai. The company’s business includes technology, engineering, construction and manufacturing goods. L&T stands for Larsen & Toubro

LEGO
The name LEGO is an abbreviation of the two Danish words ‘leg godt’, meaning play well. The LEGO Group was founded in 1932 by Ole Kirk Kristiansen and the company provides toys, experiences and teaching materials for children in more than 130 countries

MRF
India’s major tyre manufacturing company, Madras Rubber Factory is popularly known as MRF. It is considered to be the largest tyre manufacturer in India which makes all types of tyres, from auto to sedan, bias to radial including tubes and conveyor belts

CEAT
Mumbai based tyre manufacturing company, CEAT is an abbreviation for Cavi Elettrici e Affini Torino. CEAT tyres were founded in Italy by Virginio Bruni Tedeschi and the company established its manufacturing in India in 1958

HMT
HMT was formerly known as Hindustan Machine Tools. Some of the company’s products include watches, tractors, printing machinery and plastic processing machinery among others

WIPRO
One of India’s most popular information technology firm, Wipro was formerly known as Western India Products Limited. The company’s operations include IT products and services, consumer care and lighting, healthcare and infrastructure engineering

ITC
ITC’s full company name used to be India Tobacco Company. The Indian public conglomerate has diversified business operations in FMCG markets, hotels, paperboards, packaging, agri-business and information technology

CAT
Caterpillar Inc is popularly known as CAT. Apart from designing, manufacturing, marketing and selling machinery, this company sells financial products and insurance to customers around the world

INTEL
The world’s largest chip maker, Intel’s full name is Integrated Electronics. The company makes motherboard chipsets, network interface controllers and integrated circuits, flash memory, graphic chips, among other products

CNN
The Cable News Network is popularly referred to as CNN. This company is a cable news channel whose broadcast is seen by viewers in over 212 countries and territories. The cable network was launched in 1980

NASA
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration is popularly known as NASA. This United States government agency takes responsibility for space program, aeronautics and aerospace research

HP
The full name of one of the most popular information technology corporation, HP is Hewlett-Packard Company. The company provides products, technologies, software, solutions and services to consumers and other enterprises

GE
The company GE’s full name is General Electric Company. This corporation is popularly known as GE and operates through segments such as energy,technology infrastructure, capital finance, consumer and industrial

P&G
The multinational consumer goods company, P&G’s full name is The Procter & Gamble Company. Over 20 brands of P&G’s brands have more than a billion dollars in net annual sales, according to the 2011 Annual Report